Initial meeting questions

What is your overall goal from this? Ship out for clients, personal use, etc
  R&D about the feasability of applying AI to solve the staffing problem
Is there an initial code base we should work from 
  
Have you tried anything in the past to solve this?
Anything we should keep explicitly out of scope for this project?
  Everything besides a simple model 
What is “work” and how is its timeline defined? Hours, difficulty ranking?
  Work is based on weekly with a BAU hours varying by company
What is considered a good output, ie prioritizing some projects over others, utilization rate, etc
  Having projects prioritized for their deadlines and BAU and non BAU green
Can work be split into smaller chunks at times? How can we tell?
  Yes depending on deadlines 
How are dependencies defined and managed?
How do you manage who does what (i.e., not everyone can do every project with their role)?
How are hard constraints enforced? LIke hard deadlines, someone specific needing to do something, etc
How is availability handled?
Do you want intentional gaps left for unplanned absences?
What data structure exists today?
Where does this data live?
Database usage needed or purely API-driven?
  Database that stores the organizations workflow
Integration with any other systems?
Is this primarily for a manager, or the entire staff to manage their day?
  Entire organization will be able to see the impact of multiple projects in an organization 
System access requirements (roles, permissions)?
Website or application?
OpenAI budget for API credits?
Should manual overrides be used for training or ignored?
How is success measured (time saved, conflicts resolved, utilization %, etc.)?
  Fitness score, some sort of algorithm of sorts


Preferred communication method?
Availability / response expectations?

BAU - hired reguarly to do
Non BAU - stuff that is not normal but needed to implement a change

Over 40 hours of BAU is red
Can assign non BAU tasks and over 30 is amber and over 70 is red

MCP database 

AI needs to know which resource to move is the better decision and any offshoots off of that

Iterative scenario planning 

Options:
  Build up a simplified model with a simpler database, people, hours, projects, weeks, deadlines, etc 

Look into localAI as well instead of OpenAI
